Dev/foxglove layouturl patch (#9)
ubuntu-robotics/foxglove-studio-rock: README.md

And open your web browser at `http://localhost:8080`.

## Shareable links

Build and share deep links with your teammates to open Foxglove
with specific layouts and data sources.

To open Foxglove using a specific layout or data source,
construct a "deep link" URL using the format:
```
https://127.0.0.1:8080/?param1=value2&param2=value2
```

> The complete documentation can be found on

Reviewer: Add a linebreak before&after the code block.

[Foxglove shareable links doc](https://docs.foxglove.dev/docs/visualization/shareable-links)

> Additionally, this rock is integrating a patch to add the following parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting at version 1.87.0, this rock includes [a patch](patch-ref-link) allowing custom dynamic layout through the following parameter:
```
